This app respects and protects the privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, this application will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This privacy policy will be updated by the app from time to time. When you agree to the use agreement of this application service, you are deemed to have agreed to the whole content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the application service use agreement.

1. Scope of application

1. The personal registration information you provide according to the application requirements when you register the application account;

2. When you use the application network service or visit the web page of the application platform, the application automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information, web page records required by you and other data;

3. Personal data of users obtained from business partners through legal channels.

2. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:

1. The keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the application platform;

2. Relevant information and data collected by the application, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;

3. Violation of laws or the application rules and the measures taken by the application for you.

3. Information use

1. This application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and this application (including its affiliates) provide services for you individually or jointly, and after the service is completed, it will be forbidden to access all these materials including those previously accessible.

2. This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information free of charge by any means. If any user of the application platform engages in the above activities, the application has the right to terminate the service agreement with the user immediately upon discovery.

3. For the purpose of serving users, the application may provide you with information of interest by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with the application partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).

4. Information disclosure: under the following circumstances, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal will or the provisions of the law:

1. Disclose to a third party with your prior consent;

2. In order to provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party;

3. To disclose to a third party or administrative or judicial organ in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial organ;

4. If you violate relevant laws and regulations of China or this application service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose them to a third party;

5. If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent, so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;

6. In a transaction created on the application platform, if any party to the transaction fulfills or partially fulfills its transaction obligations and requests for information disclosure, the application has the right to decide to provide the user with necessary information such as the contact information of its counterparty, so as to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes.

7. Other disclosures deemed appropriate by the application according to laws, regulations or website policies.

5. Information storage and exchange   the information and data about you collected by this application will be saved on the server of this application and / or its affiliated companies, and these information and data may be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where this application collects information and data, and accessed, stored and displayed overseas.

6. Use of cookies

1. If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the app will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the services or functions of the app platform that depend on cookies. Using cookies in this app can provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotion services.

2. You have the right to choose to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the web services or features of this app that depend on cookies.

3. This policy is applicable to the information obtained through the cookies set by this application.

7. Information security

1. This application account has security protection function. Please keep your user name and password information properly. This application will ensure that your information will not be lost, abused or altered by encrypting the user password and other security measures. In spite of the aforementioned security measures, please note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network.

2. When using the application network service for online transactions, you inevitably need to contact the counterparty or potential transaction partner

8. Changes to this Privacy Policy

1. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will publish it in this policy, our website and where we think it is appropriate
